---
title: The mark scheme!
layout: post
author: ewan.mayhew
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 19gG1vdcWMao3wBrm_KS8f2BdFUGWAw-E2g6uI8WFBYU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Blog entry 8</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>11/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A blog that would struggle to get into a "4" for a grade</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reflect on feedback given about my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, over the course of the week I spent around 7 hours improving my blog and came out with a blog i would give around an 8 or 9 for</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Over the course of the lesson 2 blogs were analyzed and read out in front of the class, unfortunately for me i was one of those 2 people. My blog was quickly torn apart by my teacher because of my frankly appalling spelling. After seeing blogs that made mine look like a blog made by a year 4 with little or no talent for spelling and coding I decided that I was going to devote that weekend to making my blog much much better. The result of this was an improved colour scheme, full spellchecking (I think that's 1 word), an avatar change, addition of an animated dropdown menu, animations on my read more and finally the addition of another partially opaque container.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that before this lesson I had been rather minimalistic about the project. I wrote little and had little thought to what I was writing; I had few edits to the CSS and HTML as well as not having a pleasing colour scheme. I did all that was needed of me but no more than that, and I think that was one of the most problematic attitudes I have shown throughout my learning in general, and I hope to improve this in future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Over the next few weeks I will strive to go above and beyond what is expected of me, I hope over the last week I have sufficiently shown that I, when I have my mind set on it can achieve things that I thought previously thought were only possible for the people who devoted their lives to IT.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


