---
title: blog 7
layout: post
author: ewan.mayhew
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1vqkkkIOQxTznSgN0FHGeLLPgAiS9nMPbYAUEbu3H3X4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog entry 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finishing the spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish off the spreadsheet project and to edit the HTML of the code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes...kinda</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Over the course of the lesson I learned how to think more logically, I needed to think how would calculate the final end value, and this was quite complicated. I ended up, in order to save myself from lots of work, calculating all the subtotals first so the end value only had to compile them. The end product involved using multiple vlookups and nested if formulas, that I have written about previously, in the entry titled "nested ifs?!?".</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the things that limited my learning were my lack of knowing what I needed to do in the lesson. After looking at the mark scheme I learned what I needed to do in order to improve my blog. Having mine read out in class highlighted the key issues I had with spelling, which prompted me to go home that night and read through and fully spell and grammar check my work. The habits that I need to work on are easily my spelling and typing, simply clicking on tools and spelling would quickly solve my problem, although nothing beats reading through the work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will plan out what I needed to do and would strive to achieve a higher mark than the one estimated in class. I will also strive to achieve a grade more similar to that of one of the boys in my year who, after what I assume was lots of exhausting work, came out with blogs that looked almost professional.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


