---
title: Google sheets
layout: post
author: ewan.mayhew
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1UaXpt2INziobZReJDKDoj14RDR-nFg-oKvSCxwQY7vI
published: true
---

</style>
</head>
<body>
</style>
div {
    width: 100px;
    height: 100px;
    transition: width 2s;
    -webkit-transition: width 2s; /* Safari 3.1 to 6.0 */
</head>
<body>
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Blog entry 6</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>21/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Google Sheet with 1 page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reorganise the sheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I learned by listening to the teacher and copying the things he was doing. I also learned by Googling the things that I wanted to learn as I couldn't work out how to get data from the first sheet onto the second. After asking and then searching up what it was I wanted to be able to complete the task, having most of my data on different title pages. I also added an employes section to my work allowing the sheet to compute wages and to subtract them from the budget.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my asking of questions as I tend to ask questions whenever I am stuck on something and I seemed to ask too many questions. My approach to the lesson was also slightly wrong, trying to make it accurate to real world wages as opposed to trying to make a good working Google Sheet. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will listen to the teacher and work on what is set instead of spending most of the lesson working out real world values. I will instead work on what we are trying to achieve instead of going off on a tangent.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe hight="100%" width="100%" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16KaEdhB8R7yxVklznBwU6pEXwi2H8uenSUXjRqZfjKM/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

