---
title: blog 3
layout: post
author: ewan.mayhew
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1-gM3PxmwcZJLnHY4shfHb8S1Md7qwAdnJR6k9Gwpycs
published: true
---
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>     Blog entry 3</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>      30/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Blog with colour</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make an effective colour scheme</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>By learning how to change the colour of fonts and using the html colour picker I was able to make and find colours which either contrasted or went well together, I ended the homework having a design incorporating 4 different colours that contrasted each other. The strategies that I used that were effective was the use of my IPad to take down notes in order to allow me to copy them and use what the teacher said to best improve my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>the fact that I started the lesson without my previous blog entry up was a limiting factor as I had to spend the first few minutes finding out what I didn't wrong and correcting it. I need to work on noting down the specifics in the lesson in order not to make small errors in what I do such as ticking 2 boxes instead of one saving my work in the wrong place.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I would listen and write down what I was doing in order to best improve my long term memory of the lesson so I could duplicate this in the future if I wanted to create a blog. I would also make sure to note down specifics and make sure I do everything to precisely what the teacher wanted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table style="width:100%">
