---
title: Starting spreadsheets
layout: post
author: ewan.mayhew
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1-X5aLh7MlUIF3_nyNEsP9fdL1sIwbHt4sk0dGF7KivU
published: true
---
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Blog entry 4</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>1/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Nothing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To start using google sheets to make spreadsheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Not as of yet</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During the lesson I learned what things like and google sheets use in order to make spreadsheets that calculate certain values for you, making things like finances a lot easier to work out and work with. Strategies that were effective were all the ones I had to employ in previous lessons such as noting down specific information and listening carefully to what the teacher says.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>A habit that I need to learn is not messing around in class so much, something that is not normally that big of a problem, this lesson though i was talking and mucking around with my chair more than I would have done normally. That messing around with my chair also limited my learning because I could not pay attention to all of what was being said.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try and not get distracted by my chair and will try and not talk as much because I know if I talk during the lesson then that would possibly affect my future I ways that I would not want them to.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table style="width:100%">
