---
title: github 2
layout: post
author: william.mayhew
permalink: /github-2/
source-id: 1gYDJ1qPBbojPFgqtHDbG4dO7-8M0LSI4Mur2vNcDfGg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My first blog page </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Just finishing how to make a blog page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>I need to learn how to make and publish things on a blog page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I kind of met my target with a little help from my brother but there is still room to improve.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the lesson I Published a blog page and learnt how to do various techniques on It like change the colour of my background using a site called html colour picker and apply it to my piece of code I learnt most importantly how to publish my blog page successfully using gabriel on google docs and also learnt how to go to my website with a little help from max.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think i need to work on my general memory because when we go up to the front of class i usually forget most things and need a little help from the people sitting next to me,so now I use a notepad.I also need to work on my coding and binary and general knowing how to set up a website. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will change how i will approach things and not have the attitude of "i can't be bothered’, But have the attitude to say try your best and don't do a mcdonald's.Next time I will also try to be a bit more focused in class and not get to distracted by my surroundings.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


